 By the end of the learning section, the student was able to: *


Understand all concepts covered clearly - 5 rating

Needed a lot of support to fill in the gaps and understand concepts - 3 rating

Was not able to understand the concepts covered and would now need additional resources - 2 rating

Other
2. How did the student experience the learning section? *


It was highly engaging for the student - 5 rating

It was engaging in parts but could be improved - 3 rating

It was not engaging - 2 rating


3. What best describes your experience with the guided examples and tasks in the learning section? *


More than required for learning and reinforcing the concept - 5 rating

Adequate to support understanding and reinforcement - 4 rating

Less than required to feel confident about the concepts - 3 rating


4. The language used for the learning section: *


Was extremely text heavy and the student struggled to read/understand - 2 ratings

Was text heavy in some parts and could have been simpler for the student to understand - 3 ratings

Was appropriate and the student was able to read and comprehend - 5 rating


5. Did students have sufficient opportunities to engage in meaningful and enriching discussions during the lesson? *


Yes, consistently throughout the lesson - 5 ratings

Yes, at some points in the lesson but could be more - 3 ratings

Limited or no meaningful discussion opportunities were provided - 2 ratings


Practice Section Feedback
7. The questions in the practice section: *


Were too easy and the student did not struggle in any question - 3 rating

Had the right mix of easy and difficult, providing the student with a productive struggle - 5 rating

Were too difficult and the student struggled in most or all of the questions - 2 rating


8. How engaging were the questions in the practice section? *


Extremely engaging - 5 rating

Somewhat engaging - 3 rating

Not engaging at all - 2 rating


9. How would you describe the variety of questions in the practice section? *


A good mix of different question types and real world contexts - 5 rating

Some variety, but could be better - 3 rating

Very little variety - 2 rating


Overall Assessment
11. Rate the effectiveness of the lesson from 1 to 5 for your student. *


5 – Excellent: Highly engaging, clear and effective with adequate practice - 5 rating

4 – Very Good: Learning mostly clear, sufficient practice, student mostly engaged - 4 rating

3 – Satisfactory: Student required some support; needs more practice and resources - 3 rating

2 – Needs Improvement: Student required a lot of support; practice was not adequate or engaging - 2 rating

1 – Unsatisfactory: Learning objective not met; practice insufficient; additional resources needed - 1 rating