
By the end of this learning item, most students will:

Understand the concepts clearly. 5 rating 

Need significant support to understand concept. 3 rating

Not understand the concept. 2 rating

Does the learning item have enough examples and guided practice to reinforce the learning?

Yes, adequate examples and guided practice are present. 5 rating

No, more examples or guided questions are needed.3 rating

How engaging/fun is this item?

Quite engaging. 5 rating

Needs more fun/engagement. 3 rating

The learning item is:

Too long. 3 rating
 
Too short. 3 rating

Just the right length. 5 rating

The language used in this learning item:

Is text heavy. 3 rating

Has many difficult words that may be hard for students to read/understand. 3 rating

Is clear and age-appropriate. 5 rating


Practice Sections (1)
This is generalised feedback for the entire practice section. Please look at all the questions before answering.
Practice
9 items
The questions in the practice section are:

Too easy. 3 rating

Too difficult. 3 rating

Having just the right mix of challenge. 5 rating
 
Fun and engaging. 5 rating

Not engaging. 3 rating

Add your key observations (Mandatory)
[If there are any error pointed here or negative feedback, then it should have a penalty of -0.2 for this section]
Exit Ticket (1)
This is generalised feedback for the entire exit ticket section. Please look at all the questions before answering.
Exit Ticket
5 items
The questions in the exit ticket section are:

Too easy. 3 rating

Too difficult. 3 rating

Having just the right mix of challenge. 5 rating

Fun and engaging. 5 rating

Not engaging.3 rating

Add your key observations (Mandatory)
[If there are any error pointed here or negative feedback, then it should have a penalty of -0.2 for this section]
Overall Review
Rate the overall lesson from 1-5:

5 - Excellent: Engaging, clear, effective with adequate practice. 5 rating

4 - Very Good: Mostly clear, sufficient practice, mostly engaging. 4 rating

3 - Satisfactory: Some support will be needed; could use more practice/engagement. 3 rating

2 - Needs Improvement: Heavy support needed, insufficient practice, low engagement. 2 rating

1 - Unsatisfactory: Learning objectives unmet, insufficient practice, hard to engage. 1 rating
Please share any additional suggestions for improving the lesson. (Optional)
[If there are any error pointed here or negative feedback, then it should have a penalty of -0.2 for this entire lesson]

Learning Section rating: Average of (rating of all the questions in this section) and add penalty of - 0.2 only if any of the teacher has given any negative feedback or marked incorrect answers, incorrect solution, incorrect image, confusion in the question else do not add -0.2
Practice Section rating: Average of (rating of all the questions in this section) + Average of (Add your key observations rating) by all 3 teachers
Exit ticket rating: Average of (rating of all the questions in this section) + Average of (Add your key observations rating) by all 3 teachers
Lesson rating: Distribute and rate as given below
Learning is 40%
Practice is 20%
Exit is 5%
Average of (Rate the overall lesson) by 3 teachers is 10%  
Classroom rating is 25% 
If there is no Classroom rating then distribute the weights and rate it. 